Music: Add new relative_speed option in the config layer (#672)
julianxhokaxhiu/FFNx: Changelog.md

- Full commit list since last stable release: https://github.com/julianxhokaxhiu/FFNx/compare/1.18.1...master

## Common

> - External music: ability to set music speed via config ( https://github.com/julianxhokaxhiu/FFNx/pull/672 )

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Music: Add new [relative_speed](https://github.com/julianxhokaxhiu/FFNx/blob/master/misc/FFNx.music.toml#L29-L31) option in the config layer ( https://github.com/julianxhokaxhiu/FFNx/pull/672 )
```
